PREFACE

I wave never yet seen an adequate definition of
Romance, and I am not going to attempt one.
But I take it that it means in the widest sense
that which affects the mind with a sense of wonder
葉he surprises of life, fights against odds, weak
things confounding strong, beauty and courage
flowering in unlikely places. In this book we are
concerned with only a little plot of a great pro-
vince, the efforts of men to cover a certain space
within a certain limited time under an urgent
compulsion, which strains to the uttermost body
and spirit.

Why is there such an eternal fascination about
tales of hurried journeys? In the great romances
of literature they provide many of the chicf dra-
matic moments, and, since the theme is common to
Hfomer and the penny reciter, it must appeal to a
very ancient instinct in human nature. The truth

.
PREFACE

I wave never yet seen an adequate definition of
Romance, and I am not going to attempt one.
But I take it that it means in the widest sense
that which affects the mind with a sense of wonder
葉he surprises of life, fights against odds, weak
things confounding strong, beauty and courage
flowering in unlikely places. In this book we are
concerned with only a little plot of a great pro-
vince, the efforts of men to cover a certain space
within a certain limited time under an urgent
compulsion, which strains to the uttermost body
and spirit.

Why is there such an eternal fascination about
tales of hurried journeys? In the great romances
of literature they provide many of the chicf dra-
matic moments, and, since the theme is common to
Hfomer and the penny reciter, it must appeal to a
very ancient instinct in human nature. The truth

.
PREFACE

I wave never yet seen an adequate definition of
Romance, and I am not going to attempt one.
But I take it that it means in the widest sense
that which affects the mind with a sense of wonder
葉he surprises of life, fights against odds, weak
things confounding strong, beauty and courage
flowering in unlikely places. In this book we are
concerned with only a little plot of a great pro-
vince, the efforts of men to cover a certain space
within a certain limited time under an urgent
compulsion, which strains to the uttermost body
and spirit.

Why is there such an eternal fascination about
tales of hurried journeys? In the great romances
of literature they provide many of the chicf dra-
matic moments, and, since the theme is common to
Hfomer and the penny reciter, it must appeal to a
very ancient instinct in human nature. The truth

.
PREFACE

I wave never yet seen an adequate definition of
Romance, and I am not going to attempt one.
But I take it that it means in the widest sense
that which affects the mind with a sense of wonder
葉he surprises of life, fights against odds, weak
things confounding strong, beauty and courage
flowering in unlikely places. In this book we are
concerned with only a little plot of a great pro-
vince, the efforts of men to cover a certain space
within a certain limited time under an urgent
compulsion, which strains to the uttermost body
and spirit.

Why is there such an eternal fascination about
tales of hurried journeys? In the great romances
of literature they provide many of the chicf dra-
matic moments, and, since the theme is common to
Hfomer and the penny reciter, it must appeal to a
very ancient instinct in human nature. The truth

.
